Warrior

Strength or Dexterity
Health: d10 per Warrior level + Constitution modifier
Armour Proficiency: Light Armour, Medium Armour, Heavy Armour, and Shields
Weapon Proficiency: Simple Blasters, Martial Blasters, Simple Vibroweapons, Martial Vibroweapons
Saving Throw Proficiencies: Strength and Constitution
Skill Proficiencies, choose 2: Acrobatics, Animal Handling, Athletics, History, Insight, Intimidation, Persuasion, Perception, Survival
Funds: 8d4 × 100 Gold

lv 1: Fighting Style, Second Wind
lv 2: Action Surge (x1)
lv 3: Choose Subclass: Battle Master, Brute, Jettrooper
lv 4: Choose Feat
lv 5: Extra Attack (x1)
lv 6: Choose Feat
lv 7: Subclass Ability
lv 8: Choose Feat
lv 9: Indomitable (x1)
lv 10: Subclass Ability
lv 11: Extra Attack (x2)
lv 12: Choose Feat
lv 13: Indomitable (x2)
lv 14: Choose Feat
lv 15: Subclass Ability
lv 16: Choose Feat
lv 17: Action Surge (x2), Indomitable (x3)
lv 18: Subclass Ability
lv 19: Choose Feat
lv 20: Extra Attack (x3)

Fighting Style: You can choose one Fighting Style.
Second Wind: You have a limited well of stamina that you can draw on to protect yourself from harm. On your turn, you can use a Bonus Action to regain hit points equal to 1d10 + your Warrior level. Once you use this feature, you must finish a short or long rest before you can use it again.
Action Surge: Starting at 2nd level, you can push yourself beyond your normal limits for a moment. On your turn, you can take one additional Action. Once you use this feature, you must finish a short or long rest before you can use it again. Starting at 17th level, you can use it twice before a rest, but only once on the same turn.
Extra Attack: Beginning at 5th level, you can attack twice, instead of once, whenever you take the attack action on your turn. The number of attacks increases to three when you reach 11th level in this class and to four when you reach 20th level in this class.
Indomitable: Beginning at 9th level, you can reroll a saving throw that you fail. If you do so, you must use the new roll, and you can't use this feature again until you finish a long rest. You can use this feature twice between long rests starting at 13th level and three times between long rests starting at 17th level.

Battle Master Subclass:
lv 3: Combat Superiority, Student of War
lv 7: Know Your Enemy
lv 10: Improved Combat Superiority
lv 15: Relentless

Combat Superiority: You learn maneuvers that are fueled by special dice called superiority dice.
Maneuvers: You learn three maneuvers of your choice. You can only use one maneuver per attack. You learn two additional maneuvers of your choice at 7th, 10th, and 15th level.
Superiority Dice: You have four superiority dice, which are d8s. A superiority die is expended when you use it. You regain all of your expended superiority dice when you finish a short or long rest. You gain another superiority die at 7th level and one more at 15th level.
Maneuver Save DC: 8 + your proficiency bonus + your Strength or Dexterity modifier (your choice).

Student of War: You gain proficiency with one type of tool of your choice.
Know Your Enemy: If you spend at least 1 minute observing or interacting with another creature outside combat, you can learn certain information about its capabilities compared to your own. The GM tells you if the creature is your equal, superior, or inferior in regard to two of the following characteristics of your choice: Strength score, Dexterity score, Constitution score, Armour Class, Current Hit Points.
Improved Combat Superiority: Your superiority dice turn into d10s. At 18th level, they turn into d12s.
Relentless: When you roll initiative and have no superiority dice remaining, you regain 1 superiority die.

Brute Subclass:
lv 3: Brute Force
lv 7: Brutish Durability
lv 10: Additional Fighting Style
lv 15: Devastating Critical
lv 18: Survivor

Brute Force: You are able to strike with your weapons with especially brutal force. Whenever you hit with a weapon that you are proficient with and deal damage, the weapon’s damage increases by an amount based on your level in this class: lv 3: 1d4, lv 4: 1d4, lv 5: 1d4, lv 6: 1d4, lv 7: 1d4, lv 8: 1d4, lv 9: 1d4, lv 10: 1d6, lv 11: 1d6, lv 12: 1d6, lv 13: 1d6, lv 14: 1d6, lv 15: 1d6, lv 16: 1d8, lv 17: 1d8, lv 18: 1d8, lv 19: 1d8, lv 20: 1d10.
Brutish Durability: Your toughness allows you to shrug off assaults that would devastate others. Whenever you make a saving throw, roll 1d6 and add the die to your saving throw total. If applying this bonus to a death saving throw increases the total to 20 or higher, you gain the benefits of rolling a 20 on the d20.
Additional Fighting Style: You can choose an additional second Fighting Style.
Devastating Critical: When you score a critical hit with a weapon attack, you gain a bonus to that weapon’s damage roll equal to your level in this class.
Survivor: You attain the pinnacle of resilience in battle. At the start of each of your turns in combat, you regain hit points equal to 5 + your Constitution modifier (minimum of 1 hit point). You don’t gain this benefit if you have 0 hit points or if you have more than half of your hit points left.

Jettrooper Subclass:
lv 3: Jump Master, Hover Master
lv 7: Jetpack Master
lv 10: Weapons Modification
lv 15: Heavy Burners
lv 18: Improved Weapons Modification

Jump Master: Gain Jump Pack proficiency.
Hover Master: Gain Hover Pack proficiency.
Jetpack Master: Gain Jetpack Proficiency.
Weapons Modification: You are able to customize your ranged weapons according to your liking. You can choose one weapon modification that will apply to all ranged weapons you are using or will use. You can choose an additional weapon modification at 15th level.
Heavy Burners: When lifting off or landing with your jump/hover or jetpack or boots, creatures within 5 feet of you must make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the creature takes 1d6 kinetic damage and is pushed 5 feet away. On a successful save, the creature takes half damage and is not pushed.
Improved Weapons Modification: Each weapon modification you own turns into the improved version.

Weapon Modifications: Increased Accuracy, Increased Range, Increased Damage, Burst Mode, Tracker Bolts, Explosive Rounds, Armour Piercing Rounds, Extended Magazines.

	Increased Accuracy: When you make a ranged attack, add 1d4 to your attack roll.
	Increased Range: Increase your blaster's range by 1.5× its normal value.
	Increased Damage: When a ranged attack hits, roll your damage die twice with modifiers and deal 75% rounded up of the combined result.
	Burst Mode: Once per turn, you may activate Burst Mode. Your ranged weapon fires twice in rapid succession. Make two attack rolls against the same target.
	Tracker Bolts: When a ranged attack hits, the next attack roll made against this creature has advantage.
	Explosive Rounds: Ranged attacks deal area damage. When a ranged attack hits, creatures at the center of the impact take full damage, and all creatures within 5 feet of the impact point take half damage.
	Armour Piercing Rounds: When a ranged attack hits a creature, that creature’s AC is reduced by 1 until the start of your next turn.
	Extended Magazines: Your blaster can shoot more before needing a Reload. Increase the Ammo count 1.5x before needing a reload.

Improved Weapon Modifications:

	Increased Accuracy becomes Improved Increased Accuracy: When you make a ranged attack, add 1d6 to your attack roll.
	Increased Range becomes Improved Increased Range: Increase your blaster's range by 2× its normal value.
	Increased Damage becomes Improved Increased Damage: When a ranged attack hits, roll your damage die twice with modifiers and combine the results.
	Burst Mode becomes Improved Burst Mode: Once per turn, you may activate Burst Mode. Your ranged weapon fires three times in rapid succession. Make three attack rolls against the same target.
	Tracker Bolts becomes Improved Tracker Bolts: When a ranged attack hits, the next attack roll made against this creature has advantage. You also roll the damage die twice and take the highest result.
	Explosive Rounds becomes Improved Explosive Rounds: Ranged attacks deal area damage. When a ranged attack hits, creatures at the center of the impact and within 5 feet take full damage, and all creatures within 10 feet of the impact point take half damage.
	Armour Piercing Rounds becomes Improved Armour Piercing Rounds: When a ranged attack hits a creature, that creature’s AC is reduced by 2 until the start of your next turn.
	Extended Magazines becomes Improved Extended Magazines: Your blaster can shoot more before needing a Reload. Increase the Ammo count 2x before needing a reload.