background: 

	agent: choose 2 proficiencies: deception, investigation, persuasion, stealth
		2 languages of choice + badge/emblem from faction + 150 gold
		choose: 
			personality traits: 	1	I idolize a particular hero of my faction, and constantly refer to that person's deeds and example.
						2	I can find common ground between the fiercest enemies, empathizing with them and always working towards peace.
						3	I see omens in every event and action.
						4	Nothing can shake my optimistic attitude.
						5	I quote (or misquote) sacred texts and proverbs in almost every situation.
						6	I am tolerant (or intolerant) of other factions and respect (or condemn) them.
						7	I've enjoyed fine food, drink, and high society among my faction's elite. Rough living grates on me.
						8	I have little practical experience dealing with people in the world.

			ideal: 	1	Tradition. The ancient traditions of worship and sacrifice must be preserved and upheld.
				2	Charity. I always try to help those in need, no matter what the personal cost.
				3	Change. We must help bring about the changes the gods are constantly working in the world.
				4	Power. I hope to one day rise to the top of my faith's religious hierarchy.
				5	Faith. I trust that my leader will guide my actions, I have faith that if I work hard, things will go well.
				6	Aspiration. I seek to prove myself worthy of my leader's favor by matching my actions against his or her teachings.

			bond: 	1	I would die to recover an artifact of my faction that was lost long ago.
				2	I will someday get revenge on the corrupt faction hierarchy who branded me a heretic.
				3	I owe my life to the faction member who took me in when my parents died.
				4	Everything I do is for the common people.
				5	I will do anything to protect the faction where I served.
				6	I seek to preserve a sacred text that my enemies consider heretical and seek to destroy.

			flaw:	1	I judge others harshly, and myself even more severely.
				2	I put too much trust in those who wield power within my faction's hierarchy.
				3	My piety sometimes leads me to blindly trust those that profess faith in my faction.
				4	I am inflexible in my thinking.
				5	I am suspicious of strangers and expect the worst of them.
				6	Once I pick a goal, I become obsessed with it to the detriment of everything else in my life.
	
	bounty hunter: choose 2 proficiencies: deception, insight, persuasion, perception
		1 language of choice + slicing kit proficiency + 200 gold
		choose: 
			personality traits: 	1	I always have a plan for what to do when things go wrong.
						2	I am always calm, no matter what the situation. I never raise my voice or let my emotions control me.
						3	The first thing I do in a new place is note the locations of everything valuable or where such things could be hidden.
						4	I would rather make a new friend than a new enemy.
						5	I am incredibly slow to trust. Those who seem the fairest often have the most to hide.
						6	I don't pay attention to the risks in a situation. Never tell me the odds.
						7	The best way to get me to do something is to tell me I can't do it.
						8	I blow up at the slightest insult.

			ideal: 	1	Honor. I don't steal from others in the trade.
				2	Freedom. Chains are meant to be broken, as are those who would forge them.
				3	Charity. I steal from the wealthy so that I can help people in need.
				4	Greed. I will do whatever it takes to become wealthy.
				5	People. I'm loyal to my friends, not to any ideals, and everyone else can jog on for all I care.
				6	Redemption. There's a spark of good in everyone.

			bond:	1	I'm trying to pay off an old debt I owe to a generous benefactor.
				2	My ill-gotten gains go to support my family.
				3	Something important was taken from me, and I aim to steal it back.
				4	I will become the greatest thief that ever lived.
				5	I'm guilty of a terrible crime. I hope I can redeem myself for it.
				6	Someone I loved died because of a mistake I made. That will never happen again.

			flaw:	1	When I see something valuable, I can't think about anything but how to steal it.
				2	When faced with a choice between money and my friends, I usually choose the money.
				3	If there's a plan, I'll forget it. If I don't forget it, I'll ignore it.
				4	I have a tell that reveals when I'm lying.
				5	I turn tail and run when things look bad.
				6	An innocent person is in prison for a crime that I committed. I'm okay with that.
	
	criminal: choose 2 proficiencies: deception, intimidation, sleight of hand, stealth
		slicing kit proficiency + 150 gold
		choose: 
			personality traits:	1	I always have a plan for what to do when things go wrong.
						2	I am always calm, no matter what the situation. I never raise my voice or let my emotions control me.
						3	The first thing I do in a new place is note the locations of everything valuable or where such things could be hidden.
						4	I would rather make a new friend than a new enemy.
						5	I am incredibly slow to trust. Those who seem the fairest often have the most to hide.
						6	I don't pay attention to the risks in a situation. Never tell me the odds.
						7	The best way to get me to do something is to tell me I can't do it.
						8	I blow up at the slightest insult.

			ideal:	1	Honor. I don't steal from others in the trade.
				2	Freedom. Chains are meant to be broken, as are those who would forge them.
				3	Charity. I steal from the wealthy so that I can help people in need.
				4	Greed. I will do whatever it takes to become wealthy.
				5	People. I'm loyal to my friends, not to any ideals, and everyone else can take a trip down the Styx for all I care.
				6	Redemption. There's a spark of good in everyone.

			bond:	1	I'm trying to pay off an old debt I owe to a generous benefactor.
				2	My ill-gotten gains go to support my family.
				3	Something important was taken from me, and I aim to steal it back.
				4	I will become the greatest thief that ever lived.
				5	I'm guilty of a terrible crime. I hope I can redeem myself for it.
				6	Someone I loved died because of a mistake I made. That will never happen again.


			flaw:	1	When I see something valuable, I can't think about anything but how to steal it.
				2	When faced with a choice between money and my friends, I usually choose the money.
				3	If there's a plan, I'll forget it. If I don't forget it, I'll ignore it.
				4	I have a tell that reveals when I'm lying.
				5	I turn tail and run when things look bad.
				6	An innocent person is in prison for a crime that I committed. I'm okay with that.
	
	entertainer: choose 2 proficiencies: acrobatics, insight, performance, sleight of hand
		pick instrument + 150 gold
		choose: 
			personality traits:	1	I know a story relevant to almost every situation.
						2	Whenever I come to a new place, I collect local rumors and spread gossip.
						3	I'm a hopeless romantic, always searching for that special someone.
						4	Nobody stays angry at me or around me for long, since I can defuse any amount of tension.
						5	I love a good insult, even one directed at me.
						6	I get bitter if I'm not the center of attention.
						7	I'll settle for nothing less than perfection.
						8	I change my mood or my mind as quickly as I change key in a song.

			ideal:	1	Beauty. When I perform, I make the world better than it was.
				2	Tradition. The stories, legends, and songs of the past must never be forgotten, for they teach us who we are.
				3	Creativity. The world is in need of new ideas and bold action.
				4	Greed. I'm only in it for the money and fame.
				5	People. I like seeing the smiles on people's faces when I perform. That's all that matters.
				6	Honesty. Art should reflect the soul; it should come from within and reveal who we really are.

			bond:	1	My instrument is my most treasured possession, and it reminds me of someone I love.
				2	Someone stole my precious instrument, and someday I'll get it back.
				3	I want to be famous, whatever it takes.
				4	I idolize a hero of the old tales and measure my deeds against that person's.
				5	I will do anything to prove myself superior to my hated rival.
				6	I would do anything for the other members of my old troupe.

			flaw:	1	I'll do anything to win fame and renown.
				2	I'm a sucker for a pretty face.
				3	A scandal prevents me from ever going home again. That kind of trouble seems to follow me around.
				4	I once satirized a noble who still wants my head. It was a mistake that I will likely repeat.
				5	I have trouble keeping my true feelings hidden. My sharp tongue lands me in trouble.
				6	Despite my best efforts, I am unreliable to my friends.
	
	engineer: choose 2 proficiencies: investigation, sleight of hand, athletics, history
		repair kit proficiency + 150 gold
		choose: 
			personality traits:	1	I look up to a renowned engineer in my field, and often talk about their work.
						2	I constantly compare my current situation to my past experiments, many of which went terrifyingly wrong.
						3	I believe scientific results always comes first.
						4	I only speak in short incomplete and concise sentences, as they are optimized for efficient communication.
						5	I often get lost in my own thoughts and contemplation, becoming oblivious to my surroundings.
						6	I am unable to think logically under great stress, and begin to shout random scientific words.
						7	I do not believe in etiquette and disregard social expectations.
						8	I was, in fact, grown and raised in a laboratory.

			ideal:	1	Transparency. All discoveries should be open to everyone.
				2	Logic. Emotions must not cloud our sense of what is right and true, or our logical thinking.
				3	Greed. I'm only in it for the money and fame.
				4	Free Thinking. Inquiry and curiosity are the pillars of progress.
				5	Live and Let Live. Meddling in the affairs of others only causes trouble.
				6	Aspiration. I work hard to be the best there is at my craft.

			bond: 	1	My research is also my best companion.
				2	I will get revenge on the criminals that stole my research.
				3	The school I studied at is the most important place in the world to me.
				4	One day I will return to my home planet and prove that I am the greatest scientist of them all.
				5	I believe my research will be the key to saving the life of a loved one.
				6	I owe my instructor a great debt for forging me into the person I am today.

			flaw:	1	I believe only other scientists deserve my respect.
				2	I fail to understand why people don't understand my technical jargon.
				3	I experiment on myself without thinking about the long term consequences.
				4	I am paranoid that people are out to steal my research.
				5	I believe I work better when under the influence of intoxicants.
				6	I work on my research to the point where I ignore my own bodily needs.
	
	jedi: choose 2 proficiencies: insight, investigation, history, persuasion, arcana
		know jedi code, 1 language of choice, 150 gold
		choose: 
			personality traits: 	1	I idolize a particular Jedi, and constantly refer to that person's deeds and example.
						2	I can find common ground between the fiercest enemies, empathizing with them and always working towards peace.
						3	I see omens in every event and action. The Force tries to speak to us, we just need to listen
						4	Nothing can shake my optimistic attitude.
						5	I quote (or misquote) sacred Jedi texts and proverbs in almost every situation.
						6	I am tolerant (or intolerant) of those who don't support the Jedi.
						7	I've enjoyed fine food, drink, and high society. Rough living grates on me.
						8	I've spent so long in the Jedi temple that I have little practical experience dealing with people in the world.

			ideal:	1	Tradition. The ancient traditions of worship and sacrifice must be preserved and upheld.
				2	Charity. I always try to help those in need, no matter what the personal cost.
				3	Change. We must help bring about the changes the Force is constantly working in the world.
				4	Power. I hope to one day rise to the rank of Jedi Master.
				5	Faith. I trust that the Force will guide my actions; I have faith that if I work hard, things will go well.
				6	Aspiration. I seek to prove myself worthy of the Force by matching my actions against the Jedi teachings.

			bond:	1	I would die to recover an ancient Jedi relic that was lost long ago.
				2	I will someday get revenge on those who razed my temple.
				3	I owe my life to the Jedi who took me in when my parents died.
				4	Everything I do is for the common people.
				5	I will do anything to protect the temple where I served.
				6	I seek to preserve a sacred text that my enemies seek to destroy.

			flaw:	1	I judge others harshly, and myself even more severely.
				2	I put too much trust in those who wield power within my temple's hierarchy.
				3	My piety sometimes leads me to blindly trust those that profess faith in the Force.
				4	I am inflexible in my thinking.
				5	I am suspicious of strangers and expect the worst of them.
				6	Once I pick a goal, I become obsessed with it to the detriment of everything else in my life.
		
	mandalorian: choose 2 proficiencies: athletics, intimidation, survival, history
		choose clan + mando'a language + hover pack proficiency + 200 gold
		choose: 
			personality traits:	1	I try and bring my culture to outsiders.
						2	I always put my clan first.
						3	I follow the Resol'nare to the letter.
						4	I love a good spar.
						5	I enjoy traveling the galaxy.
						6	I keep a small trophy on me to remind me of a past victory.
						7	I view the force as dishonorable in combat.
						8	I've seen the horrors of battle and try to prevent it.

			ideal:	1	Tradition. I live by my clan's ways, and will continue to do so.
				2	Power. I strive to be the best warrior, no matter who stands in my way.
				3	Respect. I have earned the respect of many, and I intend to keep it.
				4	Freedom. I enjoy having the ability to do whatever I want.
				5	Comradery. I'll put everything on the line for those dear to me.
				6	Aspiration. I'll succeed in my goals, it just takes time and effort.

			bond:	1	I lost someone dear to me in battle, I will always honor them.
				2	Honor is everything to me.
				3	I will lay down my life for those beside me.
				4	I must keep the traditions of my ancestors alive.
				5	No matter where I go, Mandalore is my home.
				6	In death, I will find glory.

			flaw:	1	I look down on outsiders.
				2	I have no respect for anyone who flees. Cowardice is unacceptable.
				3	I don't see much use in talking, a blaster is all I need to make my point.
				4	I stick to my traditions no matter what, even at the cost of others.
				5	I retreated once, and I've regretted it ever since.
				6	I value a victory regardless of the ethics behind the victory.
	
	mercenary: choose 2 proficiencies: athletics, investigation, deception, intimidation
		1 language of choice, 100 gold
		choose: 
			personality traits:	1	I do not fear death, but accept it as part of life.
						2	I have a crude sense of humor.
						3	I face problems head-on. A simple, direct solution is the best path to success.
						4	I find it good luck to have a flask of ale on me even when the most of my other belongings are gone.
						5	I ask a lot of questions.
						6	I never pass up a friendly wager.
						7	I am always polite and respectful when speaking to those above my station.
						8	I like a job well done, especially if I'm not the one doing it.

			ideal:	1	Greed. I'm only doing it for the money.
				2	Fairness. We all did the work. it is only right that everyone gets a share of the reward.
				3	Live and Let Live. You may not have a family left, but your enemy may. A little compassion goes a long way.
				4	Measure of Last Resort. Sometimes we have to do things that we REALLY don't want to do, but we must remember that we only do them because we have to.
				5	Debts. I never leave a favor left undone and nor will I leave those whom owe me favors on the hook.
				6	Aspiration. I have heard a tale of a legendary person of my class. I strive to be more like them.

			bond:	1	I have a personal debt that must be paid.
				2	I am with friends whom I trust with my life as they should trust me with theirs.
				3	I come from a family that dislikes weaknesses, so I push myself to know my weaknesses.
				4	My life is my honor. I shall, until death, shape my life to what I want it to be.
				5	Without a purpose in the world, I find myself to be broken which I do not like.
				6	I secretly pursue a love interest that is forbidden by a family whether it is my own or my love's family.

			flaw:	1	I am always looking for the bigger pay.
				2	I can't tell a lie for the life of me.
				3	I judge too easily by special appearance and pride.
				4	I am almost always carrying some ale in with my gear.
				5	I believe that I am the only skilled person of the group and am even open about it.
				6	I will never let a comrade stand alone, even if it gets me killed.

	noble: choose 2 proficiencies: deception, insight, history, persuasion
		1 language of choice + 250 gold
		choose: 
			personality traits:	1	My eloquent flattery makes everyone I talk to feel like the most wonderful and important person in the world.
						2	The common folk love me for my kindness and generosity.
						3	No one could doubt by looking at my regal bearing that I am a cut above the unwashed masses.
						4	I take great pains to always look my best and follow the latest fashions.
						5	I don't like to get my hands dirty, and I won't be caught dead in unsuitable accommodations.
						6	Despite my noble birth, I do not place myself above other folk. We all have the same blood.
						7	My favor, once lost, is lost forever.
						8	If you do me an injury, I will crush you, ruin your name, and salt your fields.

			ideal:	1	Respect. Respect is due to me because of my position, but all people regardless of station deserve to be treated with dignity.
				2	Responsibility. It is my duty to respect the authority of those above me, just as those below me must respect mine.
				3	Independence. I must prove that I can handle myself without the coddling of my family.
				4	Power. If I can attain more power, no one will tell me what to do.
				5	Family. Blood runs thicker than water.
				6	Noble Obligation. It is my duty to protect and care for the people beneath me.

			bond:	1	I will face any challenge to win the approval of my family.
				2	My house's alliance with another noble family must be sustained at all costs.
				3	Nothing is more important than the other members of my family.
				4	I am in love with the heir of a family that my family despises.
				5	My loyalty to my sovereign is unwavering.
				6	The common folk must see me as a hero of the people.

			flaw:	1	I secretly believe that everyone is beneath me.
				2	I hide a truly scandalous secret that could ruin my family forever.
				3	I too often hear veiled insults and threats in every word addressed to me, and I'm quick to anger.
				4	I have an insatiable desire for carnal pleasures.
				5	In fact, the world does revolve around me.
				6	By my words and actions, I often bring shame to my family.

	nomad: choose 2 proficiencies: animal handling, athletics, survival, medicine
		instrument + 1 language of choice + 100 gold
		choose: 
			personality traits:	1	I'm driven by a wanderlust that led me away from home.
						2	I watch over my friends as if they were a litter of newborn pups.
						3	I once ran twenty-five miles without stopping to warn my clan of an approaching horde. I'd do it again if I had to.
						4	I have a lesson for every situation, drawn from observing nature.
						5	I place no stock in wealthy or well-mannered folk. Money and manners won't save you from a hungry rancor.
						6	I'm always picking things up, absently fiddling with them, and sometimes accidentally breaking them.
						7	I feel far more comfortable around animals than people.
						8	I was, in fact, raised by wampas.

			ideal:	1	Change. Life is like the seasons, in constant change, and we must change with it.
				2	Greater Good. It is each person's responsibility to make the most happiness for the whole tribe.
				3	Honor. If I dishonor myself, I dishonor my whole clan.
				4	Might. The strongest are meant to rule.
				5	Nature. The natural world is more important than all the constructs of civilization.
				6	Glory. I must earn glory in battle, for myself and my clan.

			bond:	1	My family, clan, or tribe is the most important thing in my life, even when they are far from me.
				2	An injury to the unspoiled wilderness of my home is an injury to me.
				3	I will bring terrible wrath down on the Darkdoers who destroyed my homeland.
				4	I am the last of my tribe, and it is up to me to ensure their names enter legend.
				5	I suffer awful visions of a coming disaster and will do anything to prevent it.
				6	It is my duty to provide children to sustain my tribe.

			flaw:	1	I am too enamored of ale, wine, and other intoxicants.
				2	There's no room for caution in a life lived to the fullest.
				3	I remember every insult I've received and nurse a silent resentment toward anyone who's ever wronged me.
				4	I am slow to trust members of other species, tribes, and societies.
				5	Violence is my answer to almost any challenge.
				6	Don't expect me to save those who can't save themselves. It is nature's way that the strong thrive and the weak perish.

	Pirate: choose 2 proficiencies: athletics, deception, intimidation, sleight of hand
		slicing kit proficiency + jewelry worth 100 gold + 50 gold
		choose: 
			personality traits:	1	I respect my captain and trust my crew. It may be all that saves my life one day.
						2	Whether the credits comes from the split of the spoils or from a side wager, I'll get my hands on it.
						3	When my blood gets up, my swearing could boil the icy tundra of Hoth.
						4	I enjoy spreading the tales of my exploits, no matter who hears.
						5	I never let witnesses escape from a raid.
						6	I take what I need, but I don't kill without reason.
						7	I always have an exit planned.
						8	I assume everyone else wants to take what I have.

			ideal:	1	Equal Shares. All hands who spend sweat and blood earn their share of the credits.
				2	Adventure. I'm far from home, and everything is strange and wonderful!
				3	Greater Good. I raid to weaken the Empire that threatens my people, but I don't steal from civilians.
				4	Strength. The weak exist to feed the strong, and I am strong.
				5	Crew. A ship is nothing without her crew. Protect your mates.
				6	Ambition. One day I will be so much more than a captain.

			bond:	1	My band and I will be known across the world, and we'll never be forgotten.
				2	My ill-gotten gains go to support my family.
				3	Everything I do is for the good of my people.
				4	My ship and many of her crew were lost to treachery, and I won't rest until I discover who was behind it.
				5	My ship comes first, and all other loyalties simply pale in comparison.
				6	A crew member of a ship we raided saved my life, and I don't know how to resolve that debt.

			flaw:	1	I never back down from a fight.
				2	When faced with a choice between money and my friends, I usually choose the money.
				3	I was drunk on watch when my ship was lost to an ambush. I can't set the shame aside.
				4	I feel I'm entitled to a greater share of the spoils, no matter the circumstances.
				5	I won't let myself be captured. If a raid goes sour, I'm the first to run for cover.
				6	I get lost in the thrill of the raid and can't focus on the details of a plan.

	scientist: choose 2 proficiencies: history, medicine, nature, investigation
		slicing kit proficiency + 1 language of choice + datapad + 100 gold
		choose: 
			personality traits:	1	I look up to a renowned scientist in my field, and often talk about their work.
						2	I constantly compare my current situation to my past experiments, many of which went terrifyingly wrong.
						3	I believe scientific results always comes first.
						4	I only speak in short incomplete and concise sentences, as they are optimized for efficient communication.
						5	I often get lost in my own thoughts and contemplation, becoming oblivious to my surroundings.
						6	I am unable to think logically under great stress, and begin to shout random scientific words.
						7	I do not believe in etiquette and disregard social expectations.
						8	I was, in fact, grown and raised in a laboratory.

			ideal:	1	Transparency. All discoveries should be open to everyone.
				2	Logic. Emotions must not cloud our sense of what is right and true, or our logical thinking.
				3	Greed. I'm only in it for the money and fame.
				4	Free Thinking. Inquiry and curiosity are the pillars of progress.
				5	Live and Let Live. Meddling in the affairs of others only causes trouble.
				6	Aspiration. I work hard to be the best there is at my craft.

			bond:	1	My research is also my best companion.
				2	I will get revenge on the criminals that stole my research.
				3	The school I studied at is the most important place in the world to me.
				4	One day I will return to my home planet and prove that I am the greatest scientist of them all.
				5	I believe my research will be the key to saving the life of a loved one.
				6	I owe my instructor a great debt for forging me into the person I am today.

			flaw:	1	I believe only other scientists deserve my respect.
				2	I fail to understand why people don't understand my technical jargon.
				3	I experiment on myself without thinking about the long term consequences.
				4	I am paranoid that people are out to steal my research.
				5	I believe I work better when under the influence of intoxicants.
				6	I work on my research to the point where I ignore my own bodily needs.

	scoundrel: choose 2 proficiencies: deception, insight, performance, sleight of hand
		150 gold + forgery kit proficiency
		choose: 
			personality traits:	1	I fall in and out of love easily, and am always pursuing someone.
						2	I have a joke for every occasion, especially occasions where humor is inappropriate.
						3	Flattery is my preferred trick for getting what I want.
						4	I'm a born gambler who can't resist taking a risk for a potential payoff.
						5	I lie about almost everything, even when there's no good reason to.
						6	Sarcasm and insults are my weapons of choice.
						7	I keep multiple symbols on me and invoke whatever power might come in useful at any given moment.
						8	I pocket anything I see that might have some value.

			ideal:	1	Independence. I am a free spirit no one tells me what to do.
				2	Fairness. I never target people who can't afford to lose a few creds.
				3	Charity. I distribute the money I acquire to the people who really need it.
				4	Creativity. I never run the same con twice.
				5	Friendship. Material goods come and go. Bonds of friendship last forever.
				6	Aspiration. I'm determined to make something of myself.

			bond:	1	I fleeced the wrong person and must work to ensure that this individual never crosses paths with me or those I care about.
				2	I owe everything to my mentor a horrible person who's probably rotting in jail somewhere.
				3	Somewhere out there, I have a child who doesn't know me. I'm making the world better for him or her.
				4	I come from a noble family, and one day I'll reclaim my lands and title from those who stole them from me.
				5	A powerful person killed someone I love. Some day soon, I'll have my revenge.
				6	I swindled and ruined a person who didn't deserve it, and I seek to atone for my misdeeds.

			flaw:	1	I can't resist a pretty face.
				2	I'm always in debt. I spend my ill-gotten gains on decadent luxuries faster than I bring them in.
				3	I'm convinced that no one could ever fool me the way I fool others.
				4	I'm too greedy for my own good. I can't resist taking a risk if there's money involved.
				5	I can't resist swindling people who are more powerful than me.
				6	I hate to admit it and will hate myself for it, but I'll run and preserve my own hide if the going gets tough.

	sith: choose 2 proficiencies: deception, insight, intimidation, history, arcana
		know sith code, 1 language of choice, 150 gold
		choose: 
			personality traits:	1	I idolize a particular Sith, and constantly refer to that person's deeds and example.
						2	I seek power above all else.
						3	I prefer using a lightsaber to solve my problems.
						4	I have a plan for any situation.
						5	I believe everyone is beneath me.
						6	I prefer to let someone else do my dirty work.
						7	Hatred and anger drive every decision I make.
						8	Lying and scheming are second nature to me.

			ideal:	1	Patience. I will defeat my enemies in the end, I'm in no rush.
				2	Disdain. I never try to help those in need, regardless of how simple it would be.
				3	Knowledge. The path to power and self-improvement is through knowledge.
				4	Power. I hope to one day rise to the rank of Dark Lord of the Sith.
				5	Might. If I become strong, I can take what I want what I deserve.
				6	Aspiration. I'll succeed in my goals at any cost.

			bond:	1	I would die to recover an ancient Sith relic that was lost long ago.
				2	I care only about myself.
				3	I owe my life to the Sith who took me in when my parents died.
				4	My enemies will be defeated, even if it costs me my life.
				5	Someone I love was killed. Some day soon, I'll have my revenge.
				6	My loyalty to my master is unwavering.

			flaw:	1	I am too merciful, and empathize with those I shouldn't.
				2	I put too much trust in those who rule over me.
				3	I will never fully trust anyone other than myself.
				4	I am inflexible in my thinking.
				5	My pride will probably lead to my destruction.
				6	Failure frightens me, and I get desperate if I think I might fail.

	smuggler: choose 2 proficiencies: deception, sleight of hand, stealth, acrobatics
		150 gold + have advantage when bribing
		choose: 
			personality traits:	1	I am extremely sociable, especially over a mug of ale.
						2	I always keep my wares close to me, you never know who might stumble across them otherwise.
						3	The best way to hide is out in the open.
						4	I'm a terrible gossip.
						5	Being seen with any unsavory figures is a sure way to undermine my work, which is why I work out of sight.
						6	Deflecting questions has become second nature to me, so I rarely answer straight.
						7	I have dozens of identities and live in constant fear of answering to the wrong name.
						8	I act irrationally confident in the face of danger, nobody suspects anything when you seem like you're in charge.

			ideal:	1	Morals. I only smuggle things to improve the lives of the common folk.
				2	Ruthless. I will rise to the top of the heap by any means necessary.
				3	Friendship. My associates are dear to me, and I want them to rise with me when I hit it big.
				4	Dauntless. No border crossing or bribe is too difficult- that's just the coward's way of saying exciting!
				5	Greater Good. I work for a greater cause, and ply my trade only in service to it.
				6	Unperturbed. I only want to make a living for myself, and smuggling is just an edge I can use to do so.


			bond:	1	A corrupt official shut me down back in my honest days. I aim to show him a thing or two about recovery.
				2	I never wanted to be a criminal, but it pays the bills.
				3	A bloodthirsty pirate stole a shipment from me and killed a dear friend of mine. I will have my vengeance.
				4	Someone I cared about discovered my profession and has publicly denounced me, and I am caught between protecting my reputation and restoring our relationship.
				5	My love interest is someone who once stole from right under my nose- but they have no idea who I am or how much I admire them for their accomplishment.
				6	My business partners are closer to me than my family.

			flaw:	1	"Trust nobody, not even yourself." I am plagued by paranoia.
				2	I'm so charismatic that sometimes I woo myself. Who am I, Narcissus?
				3	Money is my greatest motivator. I'll do almost anything given enough of it, even if I'll regret it later.
				4	I would betray anyone to save my own skin.
				5	I detach myself from the results of my actions in order to sleep better at night.
				6	Someone who knows me well might call me "two-faced" but those who don't have no idea what hit 'em.

	soldier: choose 2 proficiencies: athletics, intimidation, persuasion, investigation
		1 language of choice + 1 plasma grenade and 1 ion grenade + 100 gold
		choose: 
			personality traits:	1	I'm always polite and respectful.
						2	I'm haunted by memories of war. I can't get the images of violence out of my mind.
						3	I've lost too many friends, and I'm slow to make new ones.
						4	I'm full of inspiring and cautionary tales from my military experience relevant to almost every combat situation.
						5	I can stare down a hell hound without flinching.
						6	I enjoy being strong and like breaking things.
						7	I have a crude sense of humor.
						8	I face problems head-on. A simple, direct solution is the best path to success.

			ideal:	1	Greater Good. Our lot is to lay down our lives in defense of others.
				2	Responsibility. I do what I must and obey just authority.
				3	Independence. When people follow orders blindly, they embrace a kind of tyranny.
				4	Might. In life as in war, the stronger force wins.
				5	Live and Let Live. Ideals aren't worth killing over or going to war for.
				6	Nation. My city, nation, or people are all that matter.

			bond:	1	I would still lay down my life for the people I served with.
				2	Someone saved my life on the battlefield. To this day, I will never leave a friend behind.
				3	My honor is my life.
				4	I'll never forget the crushing defeat my company suffered or the enemies who dealt it.
				5	Those who fight beside me are those worth dying for.
				6	I fight for those who cannot fight for themselves.

			flaw:	1	The monstrous enemy we faced in battle still leaves me quivering with fear.
				2	I have little respect for anyone who is not a proven warrior.
				3	I made a terrible mistake in battle cost many lives and I would do anything to keep that mistake secret.
				4	My hatred of my enemies is blind and unreasoning.
				5	I obey the law, even if the law causes misery.
				6	I'd rather eat my armor than admit when I'm wrong.

jedi code: there is no emotion, there is peace. There is no ignorance, there is knowledge. There is no passion, there is serenity. There is no chaos, there is harmony. There is no death, there is the Force.
sith code: peace is a lie, there is only passion. Through passion I gain strength. Through strength I gain power. Through power I gain victory. Through victory my chains are broken. The Force shall free me.
mandalorian clans: vizsla, fett, varad, ordo, lok, cadera, clanless