Inquisitor

Dexterity and Charisma
Health: d8 per Inquisitor level + Constitution modifier
Armour Proficiency: Light Armour
Weapon Proficiency: Simple Blasters, Simple or Martial Lightweapons with Finesse Property, Simple or Martial Vibroweapons with finesse property
Saving Throw Proficiencies: Dexterity and Intelligence
Skill Proficiencies, choose 4: Acrobatics, Athletics, Deception, Insight, Intimidation, Investigation, Perception, Persuasion, Sleight of Hand, Stealth
Spell Save DC: 8 + Charisma modifier + Proficiency Bonus
Funds: 7d4 × 100 Gold

lv 1: Assassinate, Learn Minor Telekinesis, Expertise 2 skills
lv 2: Cunning Action
lv 3: Choose Subclass: Shadow, Trickster, Manipulator
lv 4: Choose Feat
lv 5: Uncanny Dodge
lv 6: Expertise 2 skills
lv 7: Evasion
lv 8: Choose Feat
lv 9: Subclass Ability
lv 10: Choose Feat
lv 11: Reliable Talent
lv 12: Choose Feat
lv 13: Subclass Ability
lv 14: -
lv 15: Slippery Mind
lv 16: Choose Feat
lv 17: Subclass Ability
lv 18: Elusive
lv 19: Choose Feat
lv 20: Unstoppable

Assassinate: Once per turn, you can deal an extra 1d6 damage (the type of damage is determined by the weapon you use) to one creature you hit with an attack if you have advantage on the attack roll. You must use a finesse or a ranged weapon. You don't need advantage on the attack roll if another enemy of the target is within 5 feet of it, that enemy isn't incapacitated, and you don't have disadvantage on the attack roll. The amount of damage depends on your level in this class: lv 1: 1d6, lv 2: 1d6, lv 3: 2d6, lv 4: 2d6, lv 5: 3d6, lv 6: 3d6, lv 7: 4d6, lv 8: 4d6, lv 9: 5d6, lv 10: 5d6, lv 11: 6d6, lv 12: 6d6, lv 13: 7d6, lv 14: 7d6, lv 15: 8d6, lv 16: 8d6, lv 17: 9d6, lv 18: 9d6, lv 19: 10d6, lv 20: 10d6
Minor Telekinesis: Cantrip, Casting Time: 1 Action; Range: 45 feet; Components: Somatic; Duration: Concentration, Up to 1 round; You use the Force to manipulate a small or medium object, or a small creature, that you can see within range. You make an ability check using your Force ability, contested by the target’s Strength check. On a success, you may suspend and/or move up to 30 feet or throw the target. If you choose to suspend the target, it remains suspended for the duration. If you throw the target, make a ranged Force attack with a range of 30/60 feet. On a hit, the target you throw at takes kinetic damage based on what is thrown: Small object: 2d4 kinetic damage, Medium object: 2d6 kinetic damage, Small creature: 1d4 kinetic damage. If a creature is thrown, the thrown small creature takes 1d8 + your Force ability modifier kinetic damage.
Expertise: Gain expertise in a skill you're proficient with.
Cunning Action: Your quick thinking and agility allow you to move and act quickly. You can take the Dash, Disengage, or Hide actions as a Bonus Action.
Uncanny Dodge: Reaction; When an attacker that you can see hits you with an attack, you can halve the attack's damage against you.
Evasion: When making a Dexterity saving throw: On a failed save take half damage. On a successgul save take no damage (can't use when incapacitated).
Reliable Talent: When you make an ability check with a skill you're proficient with, the lowest you can throw is 10.
Slippery Mind: You gain proficiency in Wisdom saving throws.
Elusive: No attack roll can have advantage on you unless you're incapacitated.
Unstoppable: If your attack misses a target within range, you can turn the miss into a hit. Alternatively, if you fail an ability check, turn the roll into a 20 once per short rest.

Shadow Subclass

lv 3: Learn Force Blind, learn Force Cloak
lv 9: Learn Force Fade
lv 13: Force Darkness
lv 17: Force Phantom

Force Blind: Cantrip, Casting Time: 1 Action; Range: 30 feet; Components: Somatic; Duration: 10 turns; Choose a target you can see within range. That creature must make a Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the creature is blinded. On a successful save, the creature isn't blinded.
Force Cloak: Cantrip, Casting Time: 1 Bonus Action; Range: Self; Components: None; Duration: Until the end of your next turn; When hiding successfully, you can turn invisible.
Force Fade: Cantrip, Casting Time: 1 Reaction; Range: Self; Components: None; Duration: Until the end of your next turn; When killing a creature, turn invisible.
Force Darkness: Cantrip, Casting Time: Action; Range: 60 feet; Components: Somatic; Duration: Concentration, Up to 4 rounds; Choose a point within range and create a circle with a radius of 20 feet. The area becomes pitch black and is heavily obscured to all who stand in it except yourself.
Force Phantom: Cantrip, Casting Time: 1 Action; Range: Self; Components: None; Duration: Instantaneous; This ability allows you to walk through walls. You may pass through up to 5 feet of solid material and must end your movement outside the wall

Trickster Subclass

lv 3: Learn Force Disguise, learn Phantom Stride
lv 9: Learn Force Illusion
lv 13: Force Nightmare
lv 17: Force Spirit

Force Disguise: Cantrip, Casting Time: 1 Action; Range: Self; Components: None; Duration: Concentration, Up to 10 minutes; Use the Force to disguise yourself by altering people's perception of you.
Phantom Stride: Cantrip, Casting Time: 1 Bonus Action; Range: Up to double your movement; Components: None; Duration: Instantaneous; You can teleport to an enemy up to double your movement away. This does not break stealth unless you teleport into line of sight.
Force Illusion: Cantrip, Casting Time: 1 Bonus Action; Range: 60 feet; Components: Somatic; Duration: 2 rounds; Use the Force to make an illusion within range. Targets who can see the illusion must make a Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, the target becomes distracted. Creatures attacking a distracted target have advantage, and distracted targets have disadvantage on saving throws. As soon as they're hit, they are no longer distracted. On a successful save, the creature isn't distracted.
Force Nightmare: Cantrip, Casting Time: 1 Action; Range: 30 feet; Components: None; Duration: 1 round; Use the Force to make a creature's worst nightmare seem real. All creatures within range must make a Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, the creature becomes frightened. On a successful save, the creature doesn't become frightened.
Force Spirit: Cantrip, Casting Time: 1 Action; Range: 15 feet; Components: None; Duration: Instantaneous; Make a dark spirit clone of yourself that has 1 Hit Point within range. This dark spirit must roll initiative, has 3/4th of your AC rounded up, and has all your abilities except your subclass abilities. You are limited to 1 spirit at a time.

Manipulator Subclass

lv 3: Learn Mind Trap, learn Force Stasis
lv 9: Learn Confuse
lv 13: Learn Mind Probe
lv 17: Force Link

Mind Trap: Cantrip, Casting Time: 1 Action; Range: 30 feet; Components: Somatic; Duration: Until the end of their next turn; Use the Force to trap someone in their own mind. The creature must make an Intelligence saving throw. On a failed save, they become trapped. Stunning them for the duration or until they get hit. On a successful save, they don't get trapped.
Force Stasis: Cantrip, Casting Time: 1 Action; Range: 30 feet; Components: Somatic; Duration: Concentration, Up to 1 round; Use the Force to freeze someone in place. You make an ability check using your Force ability, contested by the target's Strength check. On a success, the target is immobilized.
Confuse: Cantrip, Casting Time: 1 Action; Range: 60 feet; Components: None; Duration: Until the end of their next turn; Use the Force to confuse a creature. The creature must make an Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, they must attack the nearest creature on their next turn. On a successful save, the creature is unaffected.
Mind Probe: Cantrip, Casting Time: 1 Action; Range: Touch; Components: None; Duration: 1 minute; Use the Force to forcibly read a creature’s mind, accessing both current thoughts and hidden memories. The target must be restrained in order to use this.
Force Link: Cantrip, Casting Time: 1 Action; Range: 60 feet; Components: None; Duration: 3 rounds; Use the Force to link your life force to a hostile creature. Whenever you take damage, the linked creature must make an Intelligence saving throw. On a failed save, the creature takes half of the damage as kinetic damage you would have taken and you take half of the damage as the damage type of the original attack. On a successful save, the creature takes no damage and you take full damage as the damage type of the original attack. You can only link to one creature.