Marauder

Strength and Charisma
Health: d12 per Marauder level + Constitution modifier
Armour Proficiency: Light Armour, Medium Armour, and Shields
Weapon Proficiency: Simple Lightweapons, Martial Lightweapons, Simple Blasters, Simple Vibroweapons, Martial Vibroweapons
Saving Throw Proficiencies: Strength and Constitution
Skill Proficiencies, choose 2: Intimidation, Nature, Perception, Survival, Athletics
Spell Save DC: 8 + Charisma modifier + Proficiency Bonus
Funds: 5d4 × 100 Gold

lv 1: Learn Force Push, Learn Force Pull, Taunt, Reckless Attack, Learn Minor Telekinesis, 3 Max Rage
lv 2: Choose Lightsaber Form, Learn Saber Throw, 5 Max Rage
lv 3: Learn Force Repulse, 5 Max Rage
lv 4: Choose Feat, Learn Force Choke, 5 Max Rage
lv 5: Extra Attack, 5 Max Rage
lv 6: Fast Movement, Fearless, 5 Max Rage
lv 7: Attack Instinct, Learn Force Shock, 6 Max Rage
lv 8: Choose Feat, 6 Max Rage
lv 9: Hatred, 6 Max Rage
lv 10: Retaliation, 6 Max Rage
lv 11: Relentless Rage, 7 Max Rage
lv 12: Choose Feat, 7 Max Rage
lv 13: –, 7 Max Rage
lv 14: Intimidating Presence, 7 Max Rage
lv 15: Persistent Rage, 7 Max Rage
lv 16: Choose Feat, 8 Max Rage
lv 17: Enrage, 8 Max Rage
lv 18: Indomitable Might, 8 Max Rage
lv 19: Choose Feat, 8 Max Rage
lv 20: Champion of the Dark, 9 Max Rage

Lightsaber Forms:

Form II: Makashi (Dueling and Learn Riposte)
  Dueling: Gain the Dueling Fighting Style
  Riposte: 1 Rage, Reaction; When a creature misses you with a melee attack, you can make a melee weapon attack against that creature.

Form III: Soresu (Learn Block and Learn Deflect)
  Block: 1 Rage, Reaction; Block to negate a melee attack that would have hit you.
  Deflect: 1 Rage, Reaction; Must wield a lightweapon. Use the Force to deflect a ranged attack that would have hit you. This also works on Force Lightning abilities. This does not work against weapons that deal sonic or kinetic damage.

Form IV: Ataru (Learn Force Leap and Learn Slow Fall)
  Force Leap: 1 Rage, Action; Jump up to twice your movement and make a melee weapon attack. This does not provoke Opportunity Attacks. Per extra Rage spent to a max of half your Marauder level (rounded up), you can jump an additional 5 feet.
  Slow Fall: 1 Rage, Reaction; Use the Force to slow yourself when falling, taking only half fall damage.

Form V: Shien (Learn Redirect)
  Redirect: 1 Rage, Reaction; Must wield a lightweapon. Use the Force to send a ranged attack that would have hit you to a creature. This counts as a ranged Force attack with the range of the incoming attack. This also works on Force Lightning abilities. This does not work against weapons that deal sonic or kinetic damage.

Form V: Djem So (Learn Passionate Strike and Learn Deflect)
  Passionate Strike: 2 Rage, Action; Make a melee attack and gain advantage on that attack.
  Deflect: 1 Rage, Reaction; Must wield a lightweapon. Use the Force to deflect a ranged attack that would have hit you. This also works on Force Lightning abilities. This does not work against weapons that deal sonic or kinetic damage.

Form VI: Niman (Force Push and Force Pull as a Bonus Action)
  You can use Force Push and Force Pull as a Bonus Action.

Form VII: Juyo (Learn Cyclone)
  Cyclone: 2 Rage, Action; Make a flurry of attacks in one swift movement. You make two attacks that count as one attack against the same target. You roll both to hit. Per 2 extra Rage spent to a max of half your Marauder level (rounded up), you make an additional attack within that flurry.

Rage: You gain 1 Rage when you take damage, when you become impaired, or when you miss an attack on your turn (maximum 1 Rage gain per turn).
Force Push: 1 Rage, Casting Time: 1 Action; Range: Self; Components: Somatic; Duration: Instantaneous; Use the Force to push someone away. Each creature in a 15-foot line must make a Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the creature takes 2d8 kinetic damage and are pushed 10 feet away. On a successful save, the creature takes half damage and isn't pushed. Per extra Rage spent to a max of half your Marauder level (rounded up), the ability deals an additional 1d8 kinetic damage and pushes 5 extra feet.
Force Pull: 1 Rage, Casting Time: 1 Action; Range: Self; Components: Somatic; Duration: Instantaneous; Use the Force to pull someone toward you. Each creature within a 15-foot cone originating from you must make a Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the creature takes 2d8 kinetic damage and is pulled 10 feet closer. On a successful save, the creature take half damage and isn't pulled. Per extra Rage spent to a max of half your Marauder level (rounded up), the ability deals an additional 1d8 kinetic damage, increases the cone size by 5 feet, and pulls creatures an additional 5 feet.
Taunt: Casting Time: 1 Bonus Action; Range: 60 feet; Components: Verbal; Duration: Instantaneous; Taunt an enemy you see within range. The creature must make a Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, the creature gets taunted so that when they try to attack anyone other than you, they have disadvantage. On a successful save, the creature isn't taunted.
Reckless Attack: When you make your first attack on your turn, you can decide to attack recklessly. This grants you advantage on melee weapon attack rolls using Strength during this turn, but attack rolls against you have advantage until your next turn.
Minor Telekinesis: 1 Rage, Casting Time: 1 Action; Range: 45 feet; Components: Somatic; Duration: Concentration, Up to 1 round; You use the Force to manipulate a small or medium object, or a small creature, that you can see within range. You make an ability check using your Force ability, contested by the target’s Strength check. On a success, you may suspend and/or move up to 30 feet or throw the target. If you choose to suspend the target, it remains suspended for the duration. If you throw the target, make a ranged Force attack with a range of 30/60 feet. On a hit, the target you throw at takes kinetic damage based on what is thrown: Small object: 2d4 kinetic damage, Medium object: 2d6 kinetic damage, Small creature: 1d4 kinetic damage. If a creature is thrown, the thrown small creature takes 1d8 + your Force ability modifier kinetic damage.
Saber Throw: 1 Rage, Action; Make a ranged attack of 30/60 with your melee weapon using your Dexterity modifier for attack and damage rolls. If you are proficient with you weapon you add your proficiency bonus to the attack roll. Per extra Rage spent to a max of half your Marauder level (rounded up), your range increases by 10/15 feet.
Force Repulse: 2 Rage, Casting Time: 1 Action; Range: Self; Components: Somatic; Duration: Instantaneous; Use the Force to push everyone around you away. Each creature within 5 feet must make a Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the creature takes 2d8 energy damage and is pushed 10 feet away. On a successful save, the creature takes half damage and isn't pushed. Per extra Rage spent, to a max of half your Marauder level (rounded up), the ability deals an additional 1d8 energy damage and pushes 5 extra feet.
Force Choke: 2 Rage, Casting Time: 1 Action; Range: 30 feet; Components: Somatic; Duration: Concentration, Up to 3 rounds; Use the Force to choke a creature within range. The target must make a Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes 1d6 kinetic damage and is Incapacitated. On a successful save, the target takes no damage and is not incapacitated. Your next turn you must use a Bonus Action to choke again or the target is released. The target must make another Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes 1d8 kinetic damage and is Incapacitated. On a successful save, the target takes no damage and is not Incapacitated. On your third turn using this ability you must use a Bonus Action one last time or the target is released. The target must make a last Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes 2d6 kinetic damage, but is no longer Incapacitated. On a successful save, the target takes no damage and is not Incapacitated. 
	     Per extra Rage spent, to a max of half your Marauder level (rounded up), the ability deals an addional 1d6 kinetic damage per choke.
Fast Movement: Gain 10 movement speed when not wearing heavy armour.
Fearless: Immune to being frightened.
Attack Instinct: Gain advantage on initiative rolls.
Force Shock: 1 Rage, Casting Time: 1 Action; Range: 30 feet; Components: Somatic; Duration: Instantaneous; Use the Force to electrocute a target within range. On hit, deals 2d8 lightning damage. Per extra Rage spent, to a max of half your Marauder level (rounded up), the attack deals an additional 1d8 damage.
Hatred: Consume 3 Rage to gain an extra Action.
Retaliation: When you take damage from a creature within melee distance, you can use a Reaction to strike back at them with a melee attack. You do not add your modifier to the damage.
Relentless Rage: If you drop to 0 hit points, you can spend 1 Rage to make a DC 10 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, you are downed. On a successful save, your hit points become 2 × Marauder level. Each time you use this feature, the DC increases by 5 until a short rest.
Intimidating Presence: Casting Time: 1 Bonus Action; Range: 60 feet; Components: None; Duration: 2 rounds; Instill fear on a target by simply being there. The target must make a Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, the target becomes frightened until the end of its turn. On a successful save, the target is not affected.
Persistent Rage: When you roll initiative, gain 2 Rage.
Enrage: Make an unarmed strike against yourself and gain 2 Rage.
Indomitable Might: If your total for a Strength check or Strength saving throw is less than your Strength score, you can use your Strength score instead.
Champion of the Dark: Your Strength and Constitution scores increase by 4 and their maximum is now 25.