Scout

Dexterity
Health: d8 per Scout level + Constitution modifier
Armour Proficiency: Light Armour
Weapon Proficiency: Simple Blasters, Simple or Martial Light Weapons with Finesse property, Sniper Rifle, Cycler Rifle, Simple or Martial Vibroweapons with Finesse property
Tool Proficiency: Slicing Kit
Saving Throw Proficiencies: Dexterity and Intelligence
Skill Proficiencies, choose 4: Acrobatics, Athletics, Deception, Insight, Intimidation, Investigation, Perception, Persuasion, Sleight of Hand, Stealth
Funds: 7d4 × 100 Gold

lv 1: Sneak Attack, Expertise 2 skills
lv 2: Cunning Action
lv 3: Bad Feeling, Choose Subclass: Thief, Assassin, Operative
lv 4: Choose Feat
lv 5: Uncanny Dodge
lv 6: Expertise 2 skills
lv 7: Evasion
lv 8: Choose Feat
lv 9: Subclass Ability
lv 10: Choose Feat
lv 11: Reliable Talent
lv 12: Choose Feat
lv 13: Subclass Ability
lv 14: -
lv 15: Slippery Mind
lv 16: Choose Feat
lv 17: Subclass Ability
lv 18: Elusive
lv 19: Choose Feat
lv 20: Stroke of Luck

Sneak Attack: Once per turn, you can deal an extra 1d6 damage (the type of damage is determined by the weapon you use) to one creature you hit with an attack if you have advantage on the attack roll. You must use a Finesse or ranged weapon. You don’t need advantage on the attack roll if another enemy of the target is within 5 feet, that enemy isn’t incapacitated, and you don’t have disadvantage on the attack roll. The amount of damage depends on your level in this class: lv 1: 1d6, lv 2: 1d6, lv 3: 2d6, lv 4: 2d6, lv 5: 3d6, lv 6: 3d6, lv 7: 4d6, lv 8: 4d6, lv 9: 5d6, lv 10: 5d6, lv 11: 6d6, lv 12: 6d6, lv 13: 7d6, lv 14: 7d6, lv 15: 8d6, lv 16: 8d6, lv 17: 9d6, lv 18: 9d6, lv 19: 10d6, lv 20: 10d6
Expertise: Gain expertise in skills you’re proficient with.
Cunning Action: Your quick thinking and agility allow you to move and act quickly. You can take the Dash, Disengage, or Hide actions as a Bonus Action.
Bad Feeling: When you roll for initiative, you can move up to your speed before initiative order is determined. This can be used once per long rest.
Uncanny Dodge: Reaction; When an attacker that you can see hits you with an attack, you can halve the attack's damage against you.
Evasion: When making a Dexterity saving throw: On a failed save, take half damage. On a successful save, take no damage (can’t use when incapacitated).
Reliable Talent: When you make an ability check with a skill you’re proficient with, the lowest you can roll is 10.
Slippery Mind: You gain proficiency in Wisdom saving throws.
Elusive: No attack roll can have advantage on you unless you’re incapacitated
Stroke of Luck: You have an uncanny knack for succeeding when you need it. Your Dexterity and Intelligence scores increase by 2. Your maximum for those scores increases by 2. Additionally, if your attack misses a target within range, you can turn the miss into a hit. Alternatively, if you fail an ability check, you can treat the d20 roll as a 20. Once per long rest.

Thief Subclass
lv 3: Fast Hands, Second-Story Work
lv 9: Supreme Sneak
lv 13: Forger or Hacker
lv 17: Thief’s Reflexes

Fast Hands: You can use the Bonus Action granted by your Cunning Action to make a Dexterity (Sleight of Hand) check, use your Slicing Kit to disarm a trap, or open a lock.
Second-Story Work: You gain the ability to climb faster than normal; climbing no longer costs extra movement.
Supreme Sneak: You have advantage on Dexterity (Stealth) checks if you move no more than half your speed on the same turn.
Forger or Hacker: Choose between gaining Forgery Kit proficiency or Hacker Kit proficiency.
Thief’s Reflexes: You can take two turns during the first round of any combat encounter. You take your first turn at your normal initiative and your second turn at initiative minus 10. You can’t use this feature if you are surprised.

Assassin Subclass
lv 3: Poisoner, Terminate
lv 9: Infiltration Expertise
lv 13: Ambush Master
lv 17: Death Strike

Poisoner: Gain Poisoning Kit proficiency.
Terminate: You have advantage on attack rolls against any creature that hasn’t taken a turn in combat yet. Any hit against a surprised creature is a critical hit.
Infiltration Expertise: Gain proficiency with Forgery Kit and Disguise Kit
Ambush Master: You have advantage on initiative rolls. The first creature you hit during the first round of combat is easier for you and others to strike; attack rolls against that target have advantage until the end of your next turn.
Death Strike: When you attack and hit a surprised creature, it must make a Constitution saving throw (DC 8 + your Dexterity modifier + your proficiency bonus). On a failed save, double the damage of your attack. On a successful save, your attack will do normal damage.

Operative Subclass
lv 3: Skirmisher, Misdirection
lv 9: Superior Mobility
lv 13: Master of Tactics
lv 17: Sudden Strike

Skirmisher: You can move up to half your speed rounded up as a Reaction when an enemy ends its turn within 5 feet of you. This movement doesn’t provoke opportunity attacks.
Misdirection: When you are targeted by an attack while a creature within 5 feet of you is granting you cover, you can use your Reaction to have the attack target that creature instead of you.
Superior Mobility: Your walking speed increases by 10 feet. If you have a climbing or swimming speed, this increase applies to that speed as well.
Master of Tactics: You can use the Help action as a Bonus Action, and you can adopt a Fighting Style.
Sudden Strike: If you take the attack action on your turn, you can make one additional attack as a Bonus Action. This attack can benefit from your Sneak Attack even if you have already used it this turn, but you can’t use Sneak Attack against the same target more than once per turn.