weapons and items

Strike: Action; Make a melee attack with the melee weapon in your main hand. (Damage: weapon damage and add modifier)
Shoot: Action; Make a ranged attack with the ranged weapon in your main hand. (Damage: weapon damage and add modifier)
Hilt Strike: Bonus Action; When wielding a single-bladed weapon in your main or off-hand, make a melee attack with the hilt of that weapon, possibly dazing them. The target must make a Constitution saving throw: DC:8 + proficiency bonus + Strength or Dexterity modifier. On a failed save, the target becomes dazed (dazed: has disadvantage on Wisdom saving throws, can't take Reactions and loses the Dexterity bonus to their AC). On a successful save, the target doesn't get dazed. (Damage: 1d4 kinetic)
Slash: Action; When wielding double bladed weapon, make a melee attack that hits in a 15 feet horizontal line in front of you. (Damage: weapon damage without adding modifiers)
Blast: Action; Blast multiple targets in a cone in front of you. Each target makes a Dexterity saving throw, DC 8 + proficiency bonus (if applicable) + Dexterity modifier. On a failed save, the target takes full damage. On a successful save, the target takes half damage. (Damage: Weapon Damage and add modifier)
Flame: Action; Flame multiple targets in a cone in front of you. Each target makes a Dexterity saving throw, DC 8 + proficiency bonus (if applicable) + Dexterity modifier. On a failed save, the target takes full damage and is inflicted burning for 2 turns. On a successful save, the target takes half damage and is inflicted burning for 1 turn. (Damage: Weapon Damage and add modifier)
Off-Hand Strike: Bonus Action; When dual-wielding, make a melee attack with the melee weapon in your off-hand. (Damage: weapon damage without adding modifiers)
Quick Shot: Bonus Action; When dual-wielding, make a ranged attack with the ranged weapon in your off-hand. (Damage: weapon damage without adding modifiers)
Back Strike: Bonus Action; When wielding a double bladed weapon, make a melee attack with the other side of your weapon. (Damage: weapon damage without adding modifiers)
Reload: Action; After x amount of shots your weapon needs a reload, take a full Action to fully reload your weapon.

Simple Blaster:
	blaster pistol (1d6 energy, power cell, range 50/200, Reload 16, Dexterity modifier), Shoot, Quick Shot
	energy bow (1d6 energy, power cell, range 80/320, Reload 4, two-handed, choose Strength or Dexterity modifier), Shoot, Quick shot
	ion pistol (1d4 ion, power cell, range 40/160, Reload 16, Dexterity modifier), Shoot, Quick Shot
	sonic pistol (1d4 sonic, power cell, range 30/120, Reload 16, Dexterity modifier), Shoot, Quick Shot
	cryo pistol (1d4 cold, power cell, range 30/120, Reload 8, Dexterity modifier), Shoot, Quick Shot
	slugthrower pistol (1d6 kinetic, slug cartridge, range 40/160, Reload 16, requires Strength 11 to use, Dexterity modifier), Shoot, Quick Shot
	disruptor pistol (1d6 acid, power cell, range 45/180, Reload 12, requires Strength 11 to use, Dexterity modifier), Shoot, Quick Shot
	stealth pistol (1d6 energy, power cell, silent, two-handed, Reload 6, Dexterity modifier), Shoot
	wrist blaster (1d6 energy, disguised, can't be disarmed, can still use hand but when holding something can't use weapon, power cell, range 30/120, Reload 8, Dexterity modifier), Shoot, Quick Shot
	wrist launcher (can't be disarmed, can still use hand but when holding something can't use weapon), Shoot, Quick Shot
		can use: darts, rockets, wrist launcher attachments
Martial Blaster
	blaster rifle (1d8 energy, power cell, range 105/420, Reload 12, two-handed, Dexterity modifier), Shoot
	disruptor rifle (1d8 acid, power cell, range 120/470, Reload 9, two-handed, Dexterity modifier), Shoot
	heavy bowcaster (1d12 energy, power cell, range 90/360, Reload 4, requires Strength 17 to use, two-handed, Dexterity modifier), Shoot
	ion rifle (1d6 ion, power cell, range 80/320, Reload 8, two-handed, Dexterity modifier), Shoot
	sonic rifle (1d8 sonic, power cell, range 80/320, Reload 8, requires Strength 11 to use, two-handed, Dexterity modifier), Shoot
	slugthrower rifle (1d8 kinetic, slug cartridge, range 105/420, Reload 12, two-handed, Dexterity modifier), Shoot
	cryo rifle (2d4 cold, power cell, range 50/200, Reload 4, requires Strength 11 to use, two-handed, Dexterity modifier), Shoot
	railgun (1d10 ion, power cell, range 120/470, Reload 1, two-handed, Dexterity modifier), Shoot
	arc caster (2d4 lightning, power cell, can hit a secondary target in the same line: 1d4 lightning, range 60/240, Reload 9, requires Strength 11 to use, two-handed, Dexterity modifier), Shoot
	sniper rifle (1d12 energy, power cell, 150/600, Reload 2, requires Strength 13 to use, two-handed, Dexterity modifier), Shoot
	minigun/rotary cannon (1d10 energy, power cell, range 75 feet cone, Reload 4, requires Strength 13 to use, two-handed, Dexterity modifier), Blast
	flamethrower (2d6 fire, canister, range 55 feet cone, Reload 2, two-handed, Dexterity modifier), Flame
	cycler rifle (1d10 kinetic, slug cartridge, range 100/400, Reload 4, requires Strength 12 to use, two-handed, Dexterity modifier), Shoot
Simple Lightweapon
	lightsaber (1d6 energy, finesse), Strike, Off-Hand Strike, Hilt Strike
	lightstaff (1d6/2d4 energy, versatile, Strength modifier), Strike, Off-Hand Strike, Hilt Strike
Martial Lightweapon
	crossguard saber (2d6 energy, two-handed, requires Dexterity 13 to use, Strength modifier), Strike, Hilt Strike
	lightwhip (1d6 energy, reach: 10 feet, finesse), Strike, Off-Hand Strike
	martial lightsaber (1d8/1d10 energy, versatile, Strength modifier), Strike, Off-Hand Strike, Hilt Strike
	lightsaber pike (1d10 energy, two-handed, reach: 10 feet, requires Dexterity 11 to use, Strength modifier), Strike, Hilt Strike
	double bladed lightsaber (1d8 energy, two-handed, finesse), Strike, Slash, Back Strike
Simple Vibroweapon
	vibrospear (1d6/2d4 kinetic, versatile, thrown range 25/75, Strength modifier), Strike, Off-Hand Strike, Hilt Strike
	vibrodagger (1d4 kinetic, thrown range 20/60, finesse), Strike, Off-Hand Strike
	vibrostaff (1d6/2d4 kinetic, versatile, Strength modifier), Strike, Off-Hand Strike, Hilt Strike
Martial Vibroweapon
	vibro double-blade (1d8 kinetic, two-handed, finesse), Strike, Slash, Back Strike
	electrostaff (1d6 lightning, two-handed, finesse), Strike, Slash, Back Strike
	vibrosword (1d8/1d10 kinetic, versatile, Strength modifier), Strike, Off-Hand Strike, Hilt Strike
	virbo-axe (1d12 kinetic, two-handed, requires Dexterity 11 to use, Strength modifier), Strike, Hilt Strike
	vibropike (1d10 kinetic, two-handed, reach: 10 feet, requires Dexterity 11 to use, Strength modifier), Strike, Hilt Strike
	electrowhip (1d4 lightning, reach: 10 feet, finesse), Strike, Off-Hand Strike
	electrobaton (1d4 lightning, finesse), Strike, Off-Hand Strike
shields
	physical shield + 2 AC
	small shield generator + 10 temp HP, once per long rest
	medium shield generator + 20 temp HP, once per long rest
	large shield generator + 40 temp HP, once per long rest
	energy shield + 3 AC, halves the damage done by lightning damage
armour
	light:
		combat suit AC: 11 + Dexterity modifier
		fiber amor AC: 12 + Dexterity modifier
		duranium combat suit AC: 13 + Dexterity modifier (disadvantage on stealth)
	medium:
		mesh armor AC: 13 + Dexterity modifier (max +2)
		weave armor AC: 14 + Dexterity modifier (max +2)
		beskar weave armor AC 14 + Dexterity modifier (max +2) (ability: if an enemy rolls max damage on the dice, they have to reroll and use that reroll)
		composite armor: 15 + Dexterity modifier (max +2) (disadvantage on stealth)
	heavy:
		battle armor AC: 16 (disadvantage on stealth, resistant to kinetic damage)
		assault armor AC: 17 ((disadvantage on stealth, resistant to kinetic damage)
		durasteel armor AC: 18 (disadvantage on stealth, resistant to kinetic damage)
tools
	repair kit: with this you can repair weapons/armours or any technology (requires repair kit proficiency)
			Repair Weapon: DC 10
			Repair Armour: DC 15
			Repair Other Technology: DC 15
	forgery kit: with this kit you can forge documents and make counterfeit credits (requires forgery kit proficiency)
			Make 350 Counterfeit Credits: DC 12 but might be noticable, DC 15 perfect copy.
			Forge Documents: DC 16 but might be noticable, DC 20 perfect forgery.
	slicing kit: with this kit you can slice terminals to open locks or disarm traps (requires slicing kit proficiency)
			Open Locked Mechanism: DC Varies
			Disarm Trap: DC Varies
	hacking kit: with this kit you can hack "unconcious" droids or security systems (requires hacking kit proficieny)
			Hack Astromech: DC 10
			Hack Protocol Droid: DC 12
			Hack Combat Droid: DC 15
			Hack Security System: DC Varies
	disguise kit: with this kit you can completely change your look (requires disguise kit proficiency)
			Cover Injuries or Distinguishing Marks: DC 10
			Spot a disguise being used by someone else: DC 15
			Copy an Appearance if Possible: DC 20
	poisoning kit: with this kit you can coat your weapons with poisons (requires poisoning kit proficiency)
			Allows the user to Apply Poison to Vibroweapon or Slugthrowers: No DC
			Spot a poisoned object: DC 10
			Determine the effects of a poison: DC 20
	jumppack and jump boots (requires jumppack proficiency):
		Bonus Action: You can jump up to a distance or height of 25 feet without using your movement. Provokes opportunity attack when leaving or landing in enemy melee range.
	hoverpack and hover boots (requires hoverpack proficiency):
		bonus action: hover 15 feet up on the same spot for 2 turns. Cannot move. Advantage on ranged attacks. Disadvantage on Dexterity saving throws. Provokes oppurtunity attack when leaving or landing in enemy melee range.
	jetpack and jet boots (requires jumppack proficiency, hoverpack proficiency and jetpack proficiency):
		bonus action: you can jump up to a distance or height of 30 feet without using your movement. Provokes oppurtunity attack when leaving or landing in enemy melee range.
		bonus action: hover 15 feet up on the same spot for 2 turns. Can move up to 10 feet. Advantage on ranged attacks. No disadvantage on Dexterity saving throws. Provokes oppurtunity attack when leaving or landing in enemy melee range.
	

tool proficiencies: repair kit proficiency, forgery kit proficiency, slicing kit proficiency, hacking kit proficiency, disguise kit proficiency, poisoning kit proficiency, jumppack proficiency, hoverpack proficiency, jetpack proficiency
	

rocketpack:
		attach rockets to the back of your jump/hover/jetpack. Action: reload rocketpack, bonus action: shoot rocket.
		Can use: rockets

items:
	Grenades: When thrown explode on impact. Throw: Action; Range 30/60.
		thermal detenator (10d8 + 20 energy, 35 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 18 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage. On a successful save, the target takes half damage)
		flashbang (15 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the target is blinded for 1 round. On a successful save, the target isn't blinded)
		cryo grenade (1d8 cold, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage. On a successful save, the target takes half damage. The explosion creates an icy surface of 10 feet that counts as difficult terrain. Each creature walking over it must make a DC 12 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the creature falls prone. On a successful save, the creature doesn't fall)
		ion grenade (1d8 ion, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage, On a successful save, the target takes half damage. Each droid must make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the droid is stunned for 1 round. On a successful save, the droid isn't stunned)
		incendiary grenade (1d6 fire, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage and is inflicted burning for 1 turn. On a successful save, the target takes half damage. Sets ground on fire in a 10 feet radius for 3 turns. Each target standing or walking in this will be inflicted burning for 1 turn)
		corrosive grenade (2d6 acid, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage. On a successful save, the target takes no damage. The explosion creates an acid surface of 10 feet that reduces AC by 2)
		gas grenade (creates gas cloud, 10 feet radius. Each creature in the gas must make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the creature becomes poisoned)
		fragmentation grenade (2d8 kinetic, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage. On a successful save, the target takes half damage)
		plasma grenade (2d8 energy, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage. On a successful save, the target takes half damage)
		shock grenade (1d6 lightning but cannot reduce a creature's health to 0. 10 feet radius. The explosion creates an electrifying field that counts as difficult terrain for 3 turns in a 10 feet radius)
		stun grenade (10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the target is pushed 5 feet away from the centerpoint and is stunned for 1 round. On a successful save, the target takes isn't pushed and isn't stunned)

 	Remote Detonators: Explosives that can be detonated at any time and anywhere: Place the explosive on any solid surface, Action; Detonate the explosive, Bonus Action.
		remote flashbang (15 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the target is blinded for 1 round. On a successful save, the target isn't blinded)
		remote cryo detonator (1d8 cold, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage. On a successful save, the target takes half damage. The explosion creates an icy surface of 10 feet that counts as difficult terrain. Each creature walking over it must make a DC 12 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the creature falls prone. On a successful save, the creature doesn't fall)
		remote ion detonator (1d8 ion, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage, On a successful save, the target takes half damage. Each droid must make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the droid is stunned for 1 round. On a successful save, the droid isn't stunned)
		remote incendiary detonator (1d6 fire, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage and is inflicted burning for 1 turn. On a successful save, the target takes half damage. Sets ground on fire in a 10 feet radius for 3 turns. Each target standing or walking in this will be inflicted burning for 1 turn)
		remote corrosive detonator (2d6 acid, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage. On a successful save, the target takes no damage. The explosion creates an acid surface of 10 feet that reduces AC by 2)
		remote gas detonator (creates gas cloud, 10 feet radius. Each creature in the gas must make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the creature becomes poisoned)
		remote fragmentation detonator (2d8 kinetic, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage. On a successful save, the target takes half damage)
		remote plasma detonator (2d8 energy, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage. On a successful save, the target takes half damage)
		remote shock detonator (1d6 lightning but cannot reduce a creature's health to 0. 10 feet radius. The explosion creates an electrifying field that counts as difficult terrain for 3 turns in a 10 feet radius)
		remote stun detonator (10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the target is pushed 5 feet away from the centerpoint and is stunned for 1 round. On a successful save, the target takes isn't pushed and isn't stunned)

	Mines: Explode when stepped on or shot: Place the mine, Action
		flashbang mine (15 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the target is blinded for 1 round. On a successful save, the target isn't blinded)
		cryo mine (1d8 cold, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage. On a successful save, the target takes half damage. The explosion creates an icy surface of 10 feet that counts as difficult terrain. Each creature walking over it must make a DC 12 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the creature falls prone. On a successful save, the creature doesn't fall)
		ion mine (1d8 ion, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage, On a successful save, the target takes half damage. Each droid must make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the droid is stunned for 1 round. On a successful save, the droid isn't stunned)
		incendiary mine (1d6 fire, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage and is inflicted burning for 1 turn. On a successful save, the target takes half damage. Sets ground on fire in a 10 feet radius for 3 turns. Each target standing or walking in this will be inflicted burning for 1 turn)
		corrosive mine (2d6 acid, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage. On a successful save, the target takes no damage. The explosion creates an acid surface of 10 feet that reduces AC by 2)
		gas mine (creates gas cloud, 10 feet radius. Each creature in the gas must make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the creature becomes poisoned)
		fragmentation mine (2d8 kinetic, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage. On a successful save, the target takes half damage)
		plasma mine (2d8 energy, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage. On a successful save, the target takes half damage)
		shock mine (1d6 lightning but cannot reduce a creature's health to 0. 10 feet radius. The explosion creates an electrifying field that counts as difficult terrain for 3 turns in a 10 feet radius)
		stun mine (10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the target is pushed 5 feet away from the centerpoint and is stunned for 1 round. On a successful save, the target takes isn't pushed and isn't stunned)

	Darts: Can be blown out of a tube or shot out of certain weapons.
		poison dart (1d6 kinetic. The target must make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage and becomes poisoned. On a successful save, the target takes half damage and doesn't become poisoned, Reload 1, Dexterity modifier)
		sleep dart (The target must make a DC 14 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the target falls asleep. On a successful save, the target doesn't fall asleep, Reload 1, Dexterity modifier)
		electrifying dart (1d6 kinetic. 1d6 lightning, The target must make a DC 14 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage. On a successful save, the target takes half damage. Reload 1, Dexterity modifier)
		panic dart (1d6 kinetic. The target must make a DC 14 Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, the target becomes frightened for 1 round. On a successful save, the target doesn't become frightened. Dexterity modifier)
		paralysis dart (1d6 kinetic. The target must make a DC 14 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the target becomes paralysed for 1 round, Dexterity modifier)

	Rockets: When shot out explode on impact.
		plasma rocket (2d8 energy, 5 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 14 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage. On a successful save, the target takes half damage, Reload 1, Dexterity modifier)
		cryo rocket (1d8 cold, 10 feet radius. Each target must make DC 13 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage. On a successful save, the target takes half damage. The explosion creates an icy surface of 10 feet that counts as difficult terrain. Each creature walking over it must make a DC 12 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the creature falls prone. On a successful save, the creature doesn't fall)
		ion rocket (1d8 ion, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage, On a successful save, the target takes half damage. Each droid must make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the droid is stunned for 1 round. On a successful save, the droid isn't stunned)
		incendiary rocket (1d6 fire, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage and is inflicted burning for 1 turn. On a successful save, the target takes half damage. Sets ground on fire in a 10 feet radius for 3 turns. Each target standing or walking in this will be inflicted burning for 1 turn)
		corrosive rocket (2d6 acid, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage. On a successful save, the target takes no damage. The explosion creates an acid surface of 10 feet that reduces AC by 2)
		fragmentation rocket (2d8 kinetic, 10 feet radius. Each target must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage. On a successful save, the target takes half damage)

	wrist launcher attachments:
		fibercord whip (15 feet line, The target must make a DC 8 + proficiency + Dexterity modifier, Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target is restrained. On a successful save, the target isn't restrained. If the target is restrained he target can on their turn use an Action to do a Strength saving throw against 8 + proficiency + Strength modifier of the restrainer. On a failed save, the targets stays restrained. On a successful save, the target is freed. The Restrainer can't use Bonus Actions or hold something in that hand when restraining someone, Dexterity modifier)
		Wristflame (1d10 fire, Reload 2, canister, 15 feet line, Dexterity modifier), Flame

	poisons
		poison (The target must make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the target takes full damage and becomes poisoned. On a successful save, the target takes half damage and doesn't become poisoned)
		sleep poison (The target must make a DC 14 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the target falls asleep. On a successful save, the target doesn't fall asleep)
		paralysing poison (The target must make a DC 14 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the target becomes paralysed for 1 round)
		panic poison (The target must make a DC 14 Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, the target becomes frightened for 1 round. On a successful save, the target doesn't become frightened)
			
	Healing
		Minor kolto pack (2d4 + 2 healing)
		Medium kolto pack (4d4 + 4 healing)
		Major kolto pack (8d4 + 8 healing)
		bacta pack (10d4 + 20 healing)

instruments (require proficiency)
	Bandfill (The bandfill is a musical instrument, commonly used in jizz, that featured a number of mounted horn bells called reciprocator horns and a ploong sounder)
	Chindinkalu horn (The Chidinkalu horn is a musical instrument made by the Kitonaks from the hollowed-out reeds of a chidinka. It produced low tones and is used in the rhythm section)
	Drum (Drums are a type of percussive musical instrument)
	Fanfar (The fanfar is a musical instrument commonly used in jizz. Fanfars appeared to be reedy instruments with a mouthpiece, and the slots along the fanfar are known as farra slots)
	Fizzz (The Dorenian Beshniquel, also known as the Fizzz, is a short, single-reed wind instrument, which is adjusted via peel rod)
	Flute (Flutes are a type of woodwind instrument. One type of flute is the reed flute)
	Kloo horn (The kloo horn is a double-reeded wind instrument, larger than a Slitherhorn and a Fizzz[1] (roughly 1.5 meters tall), and one of the most commonly used instruments in the galaxy)
	Lute (The lute-pipe is a musical instrument that is played by plucking and blowing into it)
	Mandoviol (The mandoviol is a stringed musical instrument, it is a difficult instrument to master, but could be used to play ballads as well as energetic jizz tunes with equal aplomb)
	Ommni box (The ommni box is a notoriously hard-to-play instrument which enhanced music, and is commonly used in jizz. It is usually used as an amplifier to attenuate and alter the bass aspects of the music)
	Slitherhorn (The slitherhorn is a musical instrument common among jizz bands. It is similar in appearance to the kloo horn, though smaller in size)
	Traz (The traz is a musical instrument similar in appearance and sound to the slitherhorn)
	Valahorn (The valahorn is a type of musical instrument that is similar in appearance and sound to a Kloo horn)
	Xantha (The Xantha is a difficult musical instrument that involved plucking strings and covering holes with one's fingers)